Hispanic Heritage Month on Voice of
America
featuring the next generation who were
making history in their own time George
Prescott Bush grandson of an American
president son of an American governor
following his family's political
passions and working to energize and
engage Hispanics in the American
political process at the age of 12 young
George P push made an appealing and very
professional political debut by leading
the Pledge of Allegiance at the 1988
Republican National Convention where
grandfather George Herbert Walker Bush
accepted the presidential nomination
four years later he made a rousing
speech in support of his grandfather's
Reno my nation energizing the crowd with
his passion and dynamism Aviva Bush and
George people's was just getting started
when his uncle George W Bush ran for
president in 2004 George peoples
campaigned for him more mature and
appearing more poised than ever for
public service during this time Bush
graduated from Rice University and went
on to finish law school at the
University of Texas and why a Bush's
love for politics was evident a new love
came into his life fellow classmate
Amanda Williams also an attorney whom he
married in 2003 they settled in Fort
Worth Texas where Bush practice
corporate law and asset management and
founded Hispanic Republicans of Texas
which identifies recruits and supports
Hispanic candidates for political
offices
then in 2007 Bush was inspired toward
the ultimate offer of public service he
joined the US Navy after watching his
grandfather become the first living US
president to christen a warship named
for him in perhaps his most momentous
year yet George P Bush experienced not
only the birth of his first child son
Prescott Walker Bush but the birth of
his own political career after years of
campaigning for others Bush announced
his candidacy for Texas Land
Commissioner Voice of America recognizes
George P Bush a rising star in the next
generation of Hispanic heritage